Downloaded from
HQCINEMAS.COM
Official HQCINEMAS movies site:
If the media knew where this
fleet of cars is heading
reporters from all parts of the country
would have been there.
Sir, this is what is called destiny.
He came here to be a star but turned
into a gangster instead.
He is still a star
not a lesser.
There are many who seek stardom
in what they do.
Dear, does this even work?
Although no idea about this one. I’m sure,
theirs definitely do the job.
Sir, how old is the kiln?
You focus on your safety, the
kiln will collapse anytime.
I have heard that
Raj never miss the target.
[BOMB BLAST]
(On phone) Gill, what's happening?
I just came outside the home.
(On phone) Just stay away a bit from Raja.
His time isn't right these days.
Nothing is to worry about. Friends
are for odd times.
I might not be available to celebrate their joys,
but I’m always there in their sorrows.
(On Phone) Dear, listen to me
I'll never leave my friends.If needed,
I can even die for them.
[SOUND OF A BULLET SHOT]
My wife said it right that we should
never speak evil.
It saves us from bad experiences.
[LAUGHS]
In a 24-hour long day, Goddess Saraswati blesses
us with what we speak and it happens in real.
Poor fellow, you should have asked for
something else, instead of death.
Greetings to everyone. The one who got murdered
yesterday was my dear friend.
The killer, Billa, who openly sells intoxicating items
and no action has been taken against him.
In the next 24 hours,
he will be sent to God.
He can try to escape, but I, Raja will
catch him soon.
This status has been uploaded by
Raja, 15 minutes ago.
It’s a plain threat to Billa's life.
Will the Police be able to stop him?
Or will they come back
with nothing in their hands?
Sir, we can miss the fair this time.
Your life is still in danger.
DSP also phoned and said that you
should avoid going out.
You take care of the city.
Don’t worry,
Jagtaar and his men are there.
Raja can’t do anything to me.
These six bullets will be
like six men with me.
Who will dare to touch me?
Let's go.
Those who publicise to be my enemies,
are killed in the public only.
[ANCHOR ON TV] By killing Billa,
Raja proved that
he rules the city and can do
anything he wants to.
No witness is ready to speak against him,
showing his terror among the people.
It is indeed a
big failure for the police.
The police never fail,
they only follow the orders.
Sir, too much almonds...
The higher authorities just ask for the
details of the bullets used,
not the people involved.
[HUMMING SONG]
This fairness cream can
never make you fair.
[SINGING SONG] "brown munde"
[NEWS ANCHOR] Tadka news presenting
Breaking News from Punjab.
The Head of Maidan Garhi colony,
Ram Prakash has been killed.
It’s believed that Gangster
Raja has done this crime.
Who is he that
is trying to devalue us?
When you are already a criminal, then
don't expect praises.
Raja.. Raja..
He’s the same reporter who
went to my home also.
[REPORTER ON TV] Let’s ask Raja’s mother
about her son.
Greetings, Aunt.
I’m Rang Harjinder.
How did you feel
when you got to know
that your son is
a big gangster in Punjab?
He is not a gangster.
He was in fact a tiger.
When he used to run, people would tell me
that he seemed like a tiger.
Boys like yours have ruined the
atmosphere of the state.
And you deny this?
No dear, don’t say it like this.
My son hasn’t done any such thing.
My brother is innocent.
Don’t bother us.
I have already lost my father and my mother
is also not keeping well.
Go. Please go.
One last question. Please.
Only one more question…
Aunt, listen to me once.
We don’t want to discuss this more.
I got to know that her father had
committed suicide.
The mother also doesn’t seem to live
for more than six months.
She is Raja’s sister.
I don’t think that she will get
married either.
Stay tuned to Khabar Tadka News.
This is Rang Harjinder reporting with
Cameraman Naveen Jindal. Goodbye.
Hello everyone!
I have got a
big breaking news for you.
Punjab’s most disgusting news reporter,
Rang Harjinder Singh has
been kidnapped.
This task has been performed by
none other than Raja.
Mr Rang Harjinder Singh
look at your condition, how much time
of your life do you think you still have?
[GASPING TO BREATHE]
Answer me.
Think about it.
Let’s take a short break till he is
thinking about it.
Bring him down.
[GASPING TO BREATHE]
Do you have a mother?
Yes.
Did you have the food cooked by
her in the morning?
Yes.
Did she give you a peck on your
forehead before you left?
What did she say?
She said, ‘Son, come back to home
before it turns dark.’
Breaking News!
Raja shot five bullets into Rang Harjinder
Singh’s body and killed him.
[SOUND OF A BULLET SHOT]
My mother must be waiting
for me to come back.
Rang Harjinder Singh
you tell me
what is your mother’s fault if you don’t
reach back your home?
Raja, please don’t kill me.
Now onwards, I won’t report about you.
Will you leave my mother too?
If media persons spoke the truth
about Punjab and the whole country,
no one’s son would
have turned into a gangster.
We are helpless.
If we don’t show news as gossip and
don’t ask hurtful questions,
we won’t get views on our channel.
Nobody will watch it.
The work that you were supposed
to do, now, I'll do for you.
I’ll tell you how one becomes a gangster.
Dear, the age limit for this group
is ten years.
You can’t participate.
Sir, he is also ten.
Listen to me, please.
Hey my nephew!
You won’t be able to run much.
Your shoes are torn.
Uncle, just wait and watch. My feet
won’t touch the ground.
I’ll rather fly.
Rajveer
Hmmm
He thinks Milkha Singh of himself.
[COMMENTATOR] audience, now the green
signal has been given
and race is about to begin.
All participants have taken the positions.
Today, we'll get to know how much
ghee everyone has eaten
how much they had buttermilk
how much everyone's mother scolded them.
We'll see everyone's preparation.
Rajveer
Rajveer my son.
[CROWD CHEERING]
Let me examine.
It’s been one and a half years that I have
been treating his ears.
I have done my best.
I don’t think that he will
ever be able to hear.
But I can run.
Right, my father?
One day, my son will win a medal.
Isn't it?
Hmmm
It’s okay. He has at
least learnt to read lips.
Other people can hear him.
He will be able to hear
as far as he will see.
See, boss will start after two seconds but will
reach the finishing line first.
[CROWD CHEERING]
[GASPING]
Take it.
Do not call me for practice sessions.
These boys won’t be
able to run a race.
Do you think any of them can give
me a competition?
[CROWD SHOUTING]
Dear, Can’t you see?
I can.
[Crowd] Give us aside.
Wait, I'm also moving.
Are you also from the Sports quota?
Yes, Athletics.
Which game do you play?
All of them.
Really?
Yes.
Try to run a race with me.
Got scared?
Yes.
Do not get streesed.
It’s all about the diet and I’ll
help you with that.
[Rupinder] Oh Hello, the baby elephant!
Coming.
Let's go.
My name is Lovely Singh.
And yours?
Rajveer Singh.
I think you have watched the film, ‘Jihne Mera
Dil Luteya' many time.
Not really.
Oh really!
Sports quota, right?
Yes.
What do you know about Sports?
Who is known as Flying Sikh?
She is asking you.
Milkha Singh.
Anyone can answer this question.
Ask him something tricky.
What is the full name of P.T. Usha?
Pilavullakandi Thekkeraparambil Usha.
I think the area of
this ground is 80 m2.
Then go and measure it.
What?
I feel like I’m dying.
I unnecessarily flexed about it.
Keep running.
Hey, what do you eat?
Shall I complete the round for him too?
Hmmm...
Boss...
Hmmm..
Here comes the new sports team.
[LAUGHING] Really?
You wanna bet?
You cannot run fast enough in
the ground to win.
Some people perform well in a race in their
dreams if they compete with camels.
But in your case, you must lose
to camels even.
Never mind. There are two more
races left before the finals.
I’ll see you there.
Really?
It’s about the perfect time.
So, don’t you doubt yourself to
be the best always?
There are many newcomers who are
way too better in the game.
They think talent alone can bring a medal.
But no.
One also needs to have enough money.
I guess, he just has one-acre land
which earns 40000-50000.
So, it’s not easy to win a medal
for a village boy.
(Raja) Brother,
if we do farming ourselves, then the rice
crop gives a return of 80,000 INR.
Can I then expect to win a medal?
Then he can win the medal. [LAUGHING]
[CHUCKLES]
Hey, see these shoes. Bullet shoes.
What? Bulle shoes?
Brother, he is saying
that these are bullet shoe.
[LAUGHING]
It’s not a Bullet shoe.
The brand is Usain Bolt.
Yes.
Brother, how much does it cost?
Come here. Let me
have a look at yours.
My shoes are Gold Star brand.
My father got me this
pair for five hundred rupees.
Really!
Yes.
It’s expensive.
Wait.
Mine are for 2,49,000. Also, add 850/-
in this amount,
Then only you can also purchase.
These are quite expensive.
Yes.
But it’s okay.
I will win a gold medal and then will
be able to buy them.
(Sarcasm) He'll win the gold medal.
Greetings.
Yes?
Did you yesterday say that you would
win the medal this time?
Yes, I’ll win the gold medal.
Do you think that you run
fast enough to win it?
Yes, of course.
Hmmm?
In my village, when my father’s scooter
runs at the speed of 50kmph,
Hmmm...
and I would run faster than the vehicle.
Hmmm?
Then, happily, my dad would hug me
and say that I would certainly
win the Gold medal.
Oh really?
Yes.
Give me your hand.
Okay, then let me see you run.
Go, show me.
Give the watch back to me.
What?
My watch.
Didn’t I run as much as necessary?
You ran well but give me the watch.
Just give it to me.
Wow, my child has worked really hard!
Father, this is just the beginning.
Just wait and watch me do better.
I have now found
the perfect man for this.
Sir, please let him also participate.
He is a village boy.
He won’t be able to run much.
It’s just a practice match.
He will be happy to fulfil his wish.
Thank you.
My god.
Look at the over-smart newcomers.
[REFEREE] Look down.
How will I get to know
when to start running?
It's ok. I'll see the movement of the
next participant and get ready.
Thank you God.
Who is this young boy that is trying to
compete with Angad?
[CROWN CHEERING]
[CROWN CHEERING] Angad, Angad.
Stay and remain with us to win
every race like this one.
I ran quite well, didn’t I?
What happened?
A muscle has been pulled.
Nothing else!
[ROOP] Something like this has
never happened to you.
Now you should always keep a
pain-relieving balm with you.
You will need it every time.
Leave me!
Take it.
Keep it with you.
You did well in
the race because of this.
You shouldn’t have challenged Angad.
Thank you.
You showed your daring with a wrong man.
You want Medal?
Thank you.
Get away.
Just take care of yourself.
We will teach you a lesson.
Rajveer.
I have got a gift for you.
Take it. It’s for you.
Won’t you take it back?
No, it’s all yours.
Isn't it smart?
I want to tell you something.
Hmmm..
I have a hearing problem.
And I have a problem with my vision.
Hey, play a song at least.
♪ I don't want
want any name or fame♪
♪I just want to add
your last name with my name♪
♪ I want you
as simple you were ♪
♪ I want to do care
of you at every second ♪
♪ How many times we
fight and patch up ♪
♪ but we can't stay away for longer♪
♪I just follow your foot steps♪
♪ We can't be separate ♪
[HUMMING SONG]
We enjoyed a lot today!
The party was lit in the club.
Angad, Let’s go for after party.
I'll tell you my father's thought.
My father says, we can win gold medal
only with the hard work.
Keep on running, twenty more rounds.
Enough brother.
The morning is yet to happen.
Hey, keep running.
Nothing to worry.
'Those who want to be successful, shouldn’t
wait for the right time.’
Come, let’s complete the target.
Angad, that's my favourite song...
Shut up!
Brother, you will have to win
the race tomorrow.
Today, he'll defeat everyone.
I fear Angad doesn’t start running
before the race begins.
Yes.
I think my son is not interested
in athletics anymore.
It becomes obvious to lose interest
if there’s nobody who can defeat him.
Dad, I don’t want to lose ever!
Who is the one
that is stronger than you?
He is not stronger
than me but is faster.
Quite fast!
It’s the same.
You should increase your diet.
[HEAVY BREATHING]
It’s of no use, father.
He eats food in the hostel’s mess.
But he still is able
to run way too fast.
Reaaly?
If you have decided that you want to win,
then let’s focus on the process.
If your enemy is stronger than you,
first be a friend with
him and then betray him.
Say ‘Sorry’ to him. Go!
Both of you, say ‘Sorry’.
Say sorry..
Sorry, brother.
No no.
What happened, brother?
I heard, yesterday, these boys misbehaved with you.
It’s okay.
Doesn't matter.
No dear. I apologise
to you in their names.
No, please don’t say any such thing.
You are senior to me.
It doesn’t matter.
My father says
a good athlete spreads good energy around.
And for me, you are the one who
fills my body with zeal.
[CHUCKLES]
Really?
Please teach me how to run
fast like you do.
Will you?
Yes, I will.
Your hands are quite brawny
but body is lean.
Village people do have such a brawny build.
Come brothers, sit.
Please come.
Thank God that you have come with
us for the dinner.
What will you have?
Lentils.
Brother, you eat the
same in the mess too.
My father said, ‘lentils give us strength
Really!
and keep us active.’
Okay, let’s order it then.
Please get some lentins.
Why have we come here?
Something special?
I have got something special for you.
For me?
Yes. Who else for?
Boss, this?
Yes
Is this for me?
Yes.
No, no. You will wear this pair on the
day of the final race.
You will win in these shoes.
You have to swear on our friendship.
You won't touch them before the race.
I swear on our friendship.
Will I take them to the hostel and
keep them with me?
[LAUGHING]
Yes, of course.
These are for you only.
Let’s have our first drink together.
No, no.
I don’t consume alcohol.
Dear, everyone starts drinking for the friendship.
Have it.
Guys, listen to me. If my father gets to
know about it, he will…
Dude, don’t be scared.
You just have the drink.
We’ll take care of your father.
Yes, yes.
Really?
Yes, just go for it.
Let’s have it.
Go for it, brother.
Tell me one thing.
How are you able to run so fast?
Hmmm?
You just eat lentils.
And my father spends three
lakhs monthly on me.
On the other hand, for you,
lentils alone do the job.
Hmmm?
How is it possible for
you to run so fast?
Tell me.
These are mine.
Tell me, my friend.
What?
Yes.
I can answer you only if I
can see you clearly.
Else, I can’t hear what you are saying.
But dear, we use ears
to hear, not the eyes.
I am sharing a secret with you.
Hmmm...
Dear God, please forgive me that
I’m disclosing this.
My mother told me
not to tell to anyone.
But my father told me that we can share all
our secrets with our close friends.
My eyes help me hear what others say.
You are just high!
Ssshhh..come here.
I read the lips with
my eyes and then answer.
I can’t hear from my ears.
[LAUGHING]
Come here.
I'll run in these shoes.
[GLASS BREAKING SOUND]
What’s the time?
Time?
Stop talking about the time.
Please drop me at the hostel.
I think my father
would have got to know.
Yes, tomorrow is an important day for you.
He can just read the
lips but he can’t hear anything.
Sir, may I come in?
Hmmm
What’s your name?
Rajveer Singh.
What is your father’s name?
Sardar Ajit Singh.
Where do you belong?
Lokha village.
Hmmm?
Sir, he can read the lips.
Turn your face around.
What is the world
record for the 100m race?
Sir, I told you that he cannot hear.
See for yourself.
Answer me.
Don’t you what the world record for
the 100m race is?
Sir, it’s 9.58 seconds.
Hmmm?
Congratulations.
For what?
Today is the birthday of sir’s wife.
He has to go home by 4:00 pm.
How do you know about it?
People who work with you were saying that today
Sir must reach home on time,
else he’ll be scolded.
Hey, you told me that he can’t hear,
but he does it more than we do.
Go and continue the practice.
Thank you, sir.
You must be confirmed about the complaint
before taking any action.
My time got wasted.
What happened?
Where did you go?
Someone told the Principal sir that
I have a hearing problem.
So, he wanted to see me.
What did he say?
I answered every question of his.
Now, it’s all set.
He is a nice man.
If your relationship goes further, will your
father agree with this match?
You know him. He likes sportspersons a lot.
Ahmm.
The way he runs, he will definitely win in
the Asia Commonwealth Games.
[LAUGHING]
On the basis of his rank, he will get a job
in the government sector.
He’ll get a job but what about us?
You know that my parents always wanted
to send me to the UK,
but I only want to live in Chandigarh.
[LAUGHING]
Greetings, friends.
As you can see, we
have reached into the stadium.
Now, we'll watch the final race.
Every racer, player and
coach wait for this day.
As we all know that winner of this race will
directly participate in national race.
Yes, you heard it right.
Yes, it's absolutely right that winner
will be qualified for national.
The race is about to begin.
Players are ready,
refree is also ready.
Are you ready too, to witness?
Yes, yes.
[GUN SHOT]
[SLAPS]
You, scoundrel!
You sell drugs in college.
It’s a sports college.
Are these shoes yours?
Hmmm?
You are still in all this.
I told you many times
to stop selling this stuff.
How long has he been in this business?
Since he joined the college, he has made many
boys addicted to the substance.
He must be punished
for what he has done.
You will wear these for the final race.
You have to swear to me
that you won’t touch them before that.
Take him.
[BOTH IN UNISON] Rajveer
What happened, Rajveer?
See him at the police station?
we'll tell his mistakes there.
But he is an innocent person.
Why did you arrest him?
He was into selling drugs. He is
not a decent man.
Police have arrested Ajit's son
He used to sell drugs.
Ajit, your son,
Rajveer has got some work.
Therefore police is taking care of him.
I think it’s true that Rajveer was involved
in the selling of drugs
Therefore, the police have arrested him.
Ajit, wait.
Your son has got his honour,
you should also take it.
[LAUGHING]
He also used to be very ambitious
in his young days.
The father got insulted
and his son had handcuffs.
What was it for?
The fault was having the dream
of winning a medal.
Someone, please save me.
Don’t hit me.
Aren’t you sleepy?
[LAUGHING]
[COUGHING]
Let's get out everyone, it's lunch time.
Hurry up.
Are you a guest here?
Can't you hear at once?
Hey!
Do you want to eat the food?
Yes.
Then you should eat your share of food.
As soon as you finish the food which is
destined for you to have here,
you’ll be out of the prison.
Food in the prison is more expensive
than a five-star hotel.
The tiffin that is going out for someone,
costs five thousand rupees.
I’ll manage with water.
You! Don’t go there.
[SOUND OF FALLING UTENSILS]
Do you want to have water?
Why are you crying?
Show me your smile.
Smile!
Without my permission, no one
can go near this pot!
This rule is for everyone.
Give him a lesson.
Be careful.
[WHIMPERING IN PAIN]
Did you get hurt much?
That man is an oppressor.
He was punished and imprisoned for one killing.
He did four more
here only, for the water.
Now he has five
murder cases in his name.
He doesn’t give anyone a drop of water
and you dared to take a whole mug.
No one can drink water without his permission.
Whenever you feel thirsty,
I’m here for you.
Okay?
In case you need me.
Move and make some space for me.
Rajveer
I’m not feeling good here.
Please get me out of here.
Rajveer, we know that you are innocent.
You don’t worry.
We have discussed your case with a lawyer.
How is my parents?
After so much struggle we got
permission to see you.
Your parents' meeting permission got rejected
numerous times.
People here are very bad.
Not even a single person is nice.
Rajveer, have some faith and patience.
You will win the medal next year.
Every week, my father would go to the
lawyer for my release.
He spent the money which he had saved
for my sister’s marriage.
The piece of land
was also given in mortgage.
I was cheated.
What was my fault?
What was the fault of my parents?
Medal?
Just the dream of winning a 'Medal'?
Media persons like you will not show
a truth like this one.
After spending time at the lawyer’s office for one
and a half years, my father got me out on bail.
Just because of you,
I lost my medal.
You betrayed in the friendship.
You're not worth of friendship.
Rajveer
You have hit DSP.
[SHOUTING IN PAIN]
You dared to hit the police.
Turn him around.
He has to get
something that he never forgets.
Go and get it heated.
[SHOUTING IN PAIN]
[IN PHONE] crying sounds
[LAUGHING]
[Mocking Bark]
He asked me, whether you want to
have a tea or milk? I said, only milk.
[LAUGHING]
Yeah.
Hello number one.
The Number One has come
for the second time too.
Yeah. People go mad in my love.
How are you?
[IN PHONE] crying sounds
[In Phone] go, run.
Run. Run. Run.
[DOG BARKING]
[CRYING]
[LAUGHING]
[BARKING]
Look, she ran.
[CRYING]
Hey, it's lunch time.
[GIGGLING]
Bastard!
[BARKING]
You’re late by fifteen minutes.
Cold food doesn’t taste good.
[GIGGLING]
[GATE OPENS]
You are no more a prey.
You have become the hunter.
I saw your performance.
I liked it.
But never try to become the king.
If you become habitual in living here,
you gradually lose interest in
going out of this place.
Hmmm
I realised late.
What?
My family called me Raja.
I have got to know
that you cannot hear properly.
Is it true?
It’s been ten years that
I have been living here.
My name is Bakhtawar.
Don’t try to fool me.
I can read anyone’s eyes from a
distance of 100 meters
and make out what
the person must be thinking
and what his action will be.
Hmmm
I can do the same from a distance
of five hundred metres.
I can read the speaker’s lips.
The stories of our lives are similar.
How?
As Punjab started growing,
I had a share in every small and big
business, running in my area.
I had an employee, Sajjan Singh.
I raised him like my own son.
He knew my in and out everything.
When he got to know about all
my unlawful trades.
then he cheated on me and informed the
police about my dealings.
And he captured all of my business places.
Now, your old friend, DSP Angad has come
along with Sajjan Singh
and the duo are running drug factories
in different parts of the state.
The whole world is full of fraudsters.
What’s your plan now?
I have decided not to plan anything.
Then uncover the water vessel.
Smile.
Call for the water.
Someone get water for Brother.
[CHUCKLES]
Sir..
sir..
Next week, my men will
get you out of here.
You will get bail.
Just choose a nice day for this.
Any day will do.
I’ll make it nice myself.
You can give me what I need.
So can be done in return.
What do you think I need?
To get free from here.
No.
What else?
I need DSP.
I don’t want to kill him.
I want him to chase me
as he used to.
♪How powerful your friends are♪
♪who save you every time from jail♪
♪You face court trials like
a snake facing a mongoose♪
♪You don't even even eat normal food♪
All the trades that you just saw and this
transport business once belonged to us.
Other than Mukhtiyar sir, no one could
take any decision.
Sajjan was just a gunman.
Now whatever he does, your old friend,
the new DSP’s sharp mind behind.
They both are into the smuggling of narcotics.
And he has big connections with
all the ministers and bureaucrats.
Stop!
[LAUGHING]
It is rightly said, some people
feel their right on a piece of land
even when they don’t own it anymore.
This is also true that one shouldn’t be boastful
about rented land and a lady of one night
because their owners change
after a certain time.
You’ve got a new boy in the group.
It’s better, he should
be inside the house only.
If he'll try to roar outside, other lions
will eat you up and he'll scream.
Yes, there will be screams.
Only time will tell who will cause it and
who will be made to do it.
You Rascal! Do you know
even who my dad is?
No.
and neither he himself.
Tell your friend that this whole stuff will be cleared
from here in the next 24 hours.
Understood?
You, a small insect in the pond are trying
to capture the entire pond.
I'll bury you at a
place where you'll crave water.
I have already been built hard, water
can do nothing to me.
Now, your time is over.
Here you go.
Without this no gang, becomes a star.
This is king of all guns.
Hmmm...
It's time to separate
the king from the queen.
[GUN SHOOT]
You are happy as if you’ve kidnapped
Sajjan’s daughter.
What happened?
What shall I tell you?
I knew that he would
create a problem for us.
Sajjan called me up.
and said that we
have to apologise to him.
Otherwise, he will kill us
one by one because of him.
He wants Raja in exchange for our lives.
I see.
He has ruled in the areas which
are not under him.
And you want to capture his land.
Sajjan is like a snake
that can barge into anyone’s house.
Let's kill him.
He has made many people like you anonymous.
Unnamed?
Hey...
Where are you taking me?
Brother, should we come?
Uncle, are you alright?
I just wanted to show you
that no one can make me anonymous.
[GUN SHOT]
Who is there?
I used to think that world is dangerous.
But now I know, not dangerous than me.
You wanted apology from us.
What were you threatening me?
Will bury me...
Crave water...
If there is any
measuring tape to measure courage,
you wouldn’t have mistaken between
frog and tortoise.
I’m giving you three chances.
I’ll leave you alive if any one of your men
will receive your phone.
[PHONE RINGING]
[ON SCREEN] No one becomes powerful withe support.
[ON SCREEN] One needs to become strong himself.
[ON SCREEN] I'll become powerful myself.
Call the second one.
You have lost your third chance.
[GUN SHOT]
If you want to rule over the kingdom,
then the king must die.
DSP’s empire of drugs mafia got finished
after Sajjan’s murder.
All the illegal business of
DSP were handled by Sajjan.
DSP went insane after the loss.
Then he didn’t leave any mark left in
search of Sajjan’s killer.
He didn’t know the identity of the killer.
Therefore, I sent him my photo myself
to inform him about my arrival.
Raja, he would like to join you.
Greetings!
Before you begin your job, you should be
informed that there’s no U-turn in this field.
Go back to your town.
♪I have advanced even
in the face of punishment♪
♪Friends call me and invite me♪
♪I have spread my influence among enemies♪
♪After drinking alcohol, goats are sacrificed♪
♪Today, friends have initiated
a battle with the enemy♪
♪Dare someone to touch us.♪
♪Today, friends have initiated
a battle with the enemy♪
♪Dare someone to touch us.♪
When an athlete with a 'gold star' holds
a '30 star' gun
then other gangsters get scared of him.
Have a peg.
No sir, I’m on duty.
As the sun sets, the environment becomes
such that everyone craves it,
be it a policeman or a common man.
Go and set them right!
Yes sir.
Where is your son?
I don’t know.
I insulted you off before the whole village.
You didn't die of shame.
Aren’t you people ashamed of
all that happened?
Sir, why are you troubling him?
What did he do?
Where is your parents’ place?
There’s no one inside.
I'm pleading you, please leave.
Why are you hitting him?
Inform your son that wherever he is,
I’ll find him out.
I request you to stop bothering us.
[PHONE RINGING]
Play some song, dear.
Brother, our father has died.
he has left us alone.
Dad.
He is not moving any bit.
[CRYING]
Dad, wake up.
Dad.
[CRYING]
Raja, don't get out.
Keep sitting inside.
Nira, you move the car.
Raja stop.
Raja got down.
Nira stop the car.
Have you lost it?
Son, go back.
I can’t see one more of my family
members burn into ashes.
All of you, take him back.
Go back.
Mom, I want to cremate my father's body.
Just go back.
[CRYING]
Take him away.
Raja, police is here.
[CRYING]
Death is looking for you. Get aside
Hey, leave me.
[GUN SHOT]
[SHOUT IN PAIN]
Hello brother,
I just saw Gora.
I'm on my way.
Follow him.
Hey, pick them too.
How are you, Ruldu?
Greetings!
Your desire has been fulfilled
by Raja. Enjoy Now.
I knew, Raja's time will come.
How are you doing Ruldu?
We were also waiting
for clouds to get clean
for hunting our prey. Isn't it?
Sajjan's son killed my two men by cheating to
take his father's death revenge.
And Raja doesn't like betrayal.
Then...
[Mocking Gun Shot]
[GUN SHOT]
Wherever our uproar occurs, there will
be section 302 imposed.
Update the status.
Brother.
He killed Gogi.
Oh!
[LAUGHING] No sadness.
It's a film day.
[GUN SHOT]
I told you, no sadness
only happiness.
[LAUGHING]
Change your clothes.
Let's go.
Bikka.
Have you seen your latest status?
You threatend him to kill
him in next 24 hours.
Are you aware of his daring?
Where are you right now?
Usual place.
I'm watching one and only my
favourite Lokha Devgan's film.
Reach home. I'll see you there.
Mind your own business.
Hey, Bikka.
[ON SCREEN] You both have betrayed
me. You both will die.
You both will die.
Should I kill you?
Shoot.
Shoot shoot.
[GUN SHOT]
Bhura..
Ting tong.
[WHISTLING]
People like you insult reprobation by just
uploading the status of reprobate.
Need courage to be a villain.
Welcome.
I was waiting for you only.
Put down your gun, Raja.
Put down.
[GUN SHOT]
Give the gun to him.
Good boy.
Why are you scared?
Come, sit.
Save me brother.
Speak again.
Why will he save you?
Because of him only, your father died.
Do you want to save him?
We are back at
the point where we started.
We'll do a race.
You
me.
and you.
Me as well?
Yes.
Alright.
You have one minute extra.
[GUN SHOT]
Run.
Save him.
Hey..
Stop, stop, stop.
Come out.
[GUN SHOT]
I told you, I
dont't want to kill you,
just keep you like a dog following me.
This is just a beginning,
wait and watch.
♪He is a king♪
♪He is defamed♪
♪The one with a big name♪
♪Has a lavish lifestyle.♪
♪He receives greetings from every class of people♪
♪The one with a big name♪
♪Has a lavish lifestyle.♪
♪He receives greetings from every class of people♪
♪He has a unique aura and is known.♪
♪for his 30-star personality.♪
♪He is a big brother, a troublemaker,
♪The big brother is a troublemaker♪
♪He is special to us♪
♪The big brother is a troublemaker,
♪He is talked about, praised, and spends extravagantly♪
♪He creates chaos and showers his glory.♪
♪All arms reside in his luxurious car♪
♪and they also crave blood as him♪
♪He stands tall at night♪
♪Carrying six pistols with him♪
♪Where can the world trap him♪
♪When he has the power and authority♪
♪The big brother is a troublemaker,
♪He is a king♪
♪He is defamed♪
♪The big brother is a troublemaker,
♪He is special to us♪
Yadav, elections are at the corner.
What is the update about funds?
Sir, we can't win
Delhi only with Delhi's fund.
We need funds from nearer states too.
Other states have no problem sir
but in Punjab.
What's wrong in Punjab?
Raja is in Punjab.
He has a hearing problem and he
doesn't listen anyone's.
Fix a meeting with Raja.
Raja
Now watch.
[FUNNY SOUND]
Isn't I'm looking a gentleman?
[LAUGHING]
Where to?
You forgot?
Today we have a meeting with Delhi's minister.
Don't you have to meet him.
Oh yes.
Let's go.
Let's go?
Change your clothes.
He is a minister.
Minister wants to meet me or my clothes?
Raja
then you do one thing, you
just come only in vest.
[LAUGHING]
Wow!
What an entry like a South film's hero.
Minister sir
They are reel heroes.
and he is a Punjab's hero.
[LAUGHING]
You shoot with it
and we order to shoot.
Raja, yours and my story...
We'll have tea.
Sure.
Order tea for them.
Yes sir.
We'll have extra sweet and
extra strong tea.
Ok sir.
Raja, yours and my story are
almost same.
I also belong from a very poor family.
To reach my school,
I had to cross river everyday.
My family couldn't afford to provide
me tiffin in the school.
I used to eat small portions from
my classmates food.
Then only my hunger had satiated.
But
now circumstances have changed.
now, I eat everyone's tiffin alone
but my hunger never satiate.
Nice.
Minister, there is a slight difference
in yours and my story.
Hmmm
You used to bring
your food in the tiffin
but I used to get my chapati
packed in kitchen cloth.
Then one day,
my senior snatched my chapatis
from my kitchen cloth.
Then what,
I stabbed compass in his glutes.
That was the last day.
And today I'm big enough.
Now I don't have Chapati wrapped
in kitchen cloth.
But my compass and my
aim are still same.
[LAUGHING]
Tell me the purpose.
World knows that food of
Punjab is very tasty.
I want Punjab's tiffin.
And this can be
done by only one man
that is you.
Whatever you need in return. I'll give.
Can you bring back my Medal?
Let it be.
I have a friend.
Best friend.
He is a DSP.
I want him to be promoted as SSP.
I think, this is possible for you.
I love this man.
What we call in punjabi,
'You are great'.
I know.
Yadav, his work should be done.
Alright sir.
It's a deal. Today onwards arms
are yours and licence will be ours.
Send tea in the glass.
Send him tea.
♪I have the blood of a lion,
the status of a lion♪
♪Watch how this Jatt walks
with pride♪
♪I play with bullets and iron rods,♪
♪You can't match my
cleverness like I do♪
♪Don't try to challenge us,
you won't find success♪
♪We become a threat when we
become determined♪
♪Even God thought before creating us♪
♪Did He create the
lion first or the Jatt♪
♪Even God thought before creating us♪
♪Did He create the
lion first or the Jatt♪
It's a saying Raja.
We are talk of the town Raja.
One becomes famous after becoming
a talk of the town.
We are the kings of this town.
♪I am taller than the enemies♪
♪A fold of the court proceedings♪
♪Even the judges are astonished
hearing the bravery.♪
♪I move forward and backward,
breaking obstacles♪
♪The Jatt walks with pride,
lifting the weapon high♪
Raja, far enough property
you can see is ours.
Not full but half.
But the minister did the deal with 20%.
Rest 30% is mine.
♪Even God thought before creating us♪
♪Did He create the
lion first or the Jatt♪
♪Even God thought before creating us♪
♪Did He create the
lion first or the Jatt♪
Congratulations!
Hmmm..muscles.
But what's the use of them
when you wear your uniform
with a dead conscience?
You were promoted to DSP because
of me and now an SSP too.
Because I wanted you at my level.
Raja keeps his enemies at
the same-level of himself.
You failed in friendship too.
But Raja wins in animosity too.
Police always fail in friendships.
They win the medals by
redeeming the animosity.
I have taught lessons in jail to
many people like you.
Throw him in his car.
I’m not an easy fish to catch.
Putting me in jail is another thing,
you try to turn my face towards it.
If you’ll succeed, then I’ll
become innocent.
If you will fail, then send me
your measurement.
I’ll gift you a skirt of my choice.
Sir, the minister wants to talk to you.
Yes sir.
Leave him.
Sorry, sir.
Please come, sir.
[SLAPS]
Is he your relative, for whom
you are serving him?
[CROWD SHOUTING]
Greetings!
Mr Bansal
you start the preparation of
constructing the warehouse.
They have to vacate
the land at any cost.
I don't care if few of them
will die for that.
Sir, they are too many in numbers.
Greetings!
This is the advantage of
India's large population.
Here, more people laugh at
the funeral than cry.
Greetings!
May Raja bless peace to their soul.
We are against them
We are not afraid of anyone.
[LEADER] We are against them
[CROWD] We are not afraid of anyone.
We are against them
We are not afraid of anyone.
Stop, stop..everyone.
Now, no one can stop Raja
except he himself.
[GUN SHOT]
This colony won't get vacated.
I'll repay you for the damage done.
I have been informed, in this colony,
children are selling drugs.
But this girl opened my eyes.
And I got to know that she has
the same dream as mine.
Medal.
Long live, Raja.
Sir, Raja has refused to vacate the colony.
He has to get
it done at any cost.
Minister, I haven’t come to inform
you that the colony didn’t get vacated.
In fact, I'm saying don't even
try to vacate the colony.
Got it?
If you still plan the other way
then I'll disappear your backbone.
You won't be able
to either sit or stand.
Okay sweatheart?
What Raja doesn't like?
Betrayal.
Minister did the same.
It's late now.
Your mother must be waiting.
Drop him at his home.
Pay my regards to your mom.
Sure.
Come, let's go.
One more thing
[GUN FIRING]
Wait, whoever is there.
They have eloped.
No idea, who were there?
I know.
Shocked to see me alive.
I think you have a good fortune.
But it's okay.
You won't live long.
Now, you have to die before time.
Are you threatening me?
Not even a leaf move without my will.
It's alright, you got saved this time.
Next time you won't be spared.
Not now.
You had only one chance.
Yadav, what is wrong there?
I'll check, sir.
Sir, the road is blocked.
Really?
Yes, sir.
Hey, hey, hey..
What is this?
Hey, where the hell
all of you have gone?
Yadav...
Oh, you are.
I didn't born at your time.
If I would have, then I wouldn't
let you born.
[LAUGHING]
Security.
I remain four steps ahead
than people like you.
Security
Shoot him.
Mastan Reddy
Gaurav Chaudhary
Harpal Singh
Mohammad Ali
And Yadav
His wife is a banker but her phone is
switched off since yesterday.
He has small kid. He hasn't come
home since yesterday.
Show your magic.
You were claiming that leaves
move only at your will.
Move them.
Move.
Leaves and world don't move anyone's will
someone has to make them move.
[GUN SHOT]
Tiffin of Punjab
You wanted to have.
We never send anyone hungry from Punjab.
Wheat
Rice
and corn
Eat.
Now, 9mm sweat dish.
Cabinet minister got murdered
during his recent visit in Punjab.
This incident has shook the
entire government system.
It's being said that gansgster Raja
has done this murder.
A Special Task Force has been
formed to arrest Raja.
And 'shoot at sight' orders have been issued.
Now, horse riding will be a fun.
Special Task Force and Punjab
Police are searching Raja
and trying to figure out his current
location and next plans.
Vacation.
Uncle
Your passport.
This is yours.
[WHISTLING]
Thailand.
Where is Raja's passport?
His passport will come tomorrow.
Don't worry for that.
Why are you taking tension?
Raja will meet you tomorrow
I'll come with you only.
Uncle, someone has to do
preparation for leaving.
Pandit, you do preparation with uncle.
We'll meet at 4 O'clock.
Okay brother.
Uncle
Drop this money at my place.
My sister's wedding should be grand.
Don't let my mom know about it.
See, it's all about your fortune.
When I had ground to run then
I didn't have shoes
and now, when I have shoes,
then there is no ground to run.
I want to participate at national level.
I want to run as far that
world would left behind.
You can still run.
It's not a big deal.
Make some tea na.
Even I want to have.
What about sugar and tea-leaves?
Here you go.
Raja, they are 50-60 policemen.
We can fight with 20 each.
Raja, they have arrested our uncle.
Uncle will be killed.
[GUN SHOT]
Raja, he shot our uncle.
He wasn't ours, he was a stranger.
What do you mean?
He was a cheater.
My mom used to say, friendship of a
bad man can put your life in danger.
Raja, we are about to die.
Till we are alive, time is ours.
We should let fox taste the grapes.
When fox isn't eating the grapes
then take back the grapes from it.
Teere...Teere...
Shishi...
Raja
They are asking us to surrender.
Raja, you are doing wrong.
Raja has done wrong all his life.
First mistake to be
born in the poor family.
[GUN SHOT]
Second mistake to dream for
winning national competition.
Third mistake, to trust friendship.
Fourth mistake, Raja knows that
earth is into wrong hands.
[GUN SHOT]
Till when this toy is in the hand
earth also bears me happily.
And sky also ready to bow.
Tell me if you have any last wish?
I want to win a race from you.
By cheating?
No.
It'll be honest.
Ask your men not to interfere.
They won't.
From here to Kiln bridge.
[GUN SHOT]
Again you lost the
race at the winning line.
I didn't lose.
You lost.
You were behind me
in the race of life,
in college.
and in uniform too.
I'm ahead of you
in the race of death.
[GUN SHOT]
[DOOR KNOCK]
I'm coming.
Who are you?
I didn't recognise you.
Raja has sent me.
This house has a bad omen
over happiness.
Don't crack jokes like that.
What do you want?
This Medal belongs to Raja, as
much it belongs to me.
Mr Raja can you see me?
If you will get a chance to run
for Punjab. Will you?
I was born to run.
This is syestem's problem.
Can you tell us your current location?
Weather you in India or abroad?
You'll be informed soon.